hey quiet new girl Bella Hey
yo my van bro what's the Freak chill bro
my uncle's got a body shop your mother's
got a body shop Oh Eddie you're super
fast and totally ripped yeah check what
happens to my abs in the sunlight whoa
the situation so blinged out it's sick
yo hey daddy was also the town sheriff I
don't trust that kid fella but dad he's
a totally ripped juice head and plus
he's Italian Italian huh then how come
he never smells like garlic
happy birthday Bella we made you a
pickle cake oh my god thanks B Empire
my finger you guys are gonna drink my
blood we're friends right
you can't trust them Bella's and
vampires and your werewolf come on
can you stop cleaning yourself for two
minutes what I'm the dog it's natural
latex crickets kvass
who the hell are they
they're the Volturi hey guys oh wow
thank you
what does she want to destroy us all
that's right Angelina's back I
mean Victoria whatever
I gotta get a bigger place
these tears take forever